[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launched an attack on
Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
[NARRATOR] In response,
Doflamingo trapped the kingdom
inside a barrier and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[NARRATOR]
But the tale of Law, Doflamingo,
and his younger brother Corazon
began 16 years ago,
when Law was still a child.
Stricken with a terminal illness
and angry at the world,
Law joined the
Don Quixote Family,
until Corazon
betrayed Doflamingo
to give Law the Op-Op Fruit.
[ROSINANTE]
Not yet.
[ROSINANTE] I have to survive
just a little bit longer.
[ROSINANTE]
Because if I die now,
the spell I cast will be
broken in an instant.
[ROSINANTE] And if you cry
or make a single noise,
anyone on the island
might hear it.
[ROSINANTE]
Pick yourself up, Law.
Go silently. Unseen.
Farther and farther.
There's nothing to
bind you down anymore.
[ROSINANTE] Not the iron
borders of White Town,
or the sickness
that hounded you.
Your life is finally your own.
[ROSINANTE]
So don't be sad.
You're free now.
[sobbing]
[screaming]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[TREBOL gasps]
[panting]
What's wrong?
Is that all you've got?
You acted so tough,
but in the end,
you played right into
my hands, didn't you?
Finally, you're mine.
I came here of my own free will!
Don't flatter yourself!
"Your own will"?
I told you!
I'm here to take revenge for
what happened 13 years ago!
To fulfill his
dying wish, finally!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
I know!
That's just what I
expected you to do, Law!
That crap you call "free will."
"Freedom."
It all belongs to me!
[LAW]
That's enough!
Cora.
He has nothing to
gain from someone
who only longs for destruction.
He's above that.
So you leave him the hell alone.
'Cause Law's finally free now!
[LAW] I still haven't been able
to fulfill your hopes for me.
But that's what
I'm here to settle!
[LAW]
Room!
I'll finally stop Doflamingo!
[LUFFY panting]
All right. Let's end this!
I'm sick of you, Fake Mingo!
Pentachromatic Strings!
Bullet String!
[gasps] Okay. I got you now!
Gum-Gum...
[BELLAMY]
Please, stop it!
Let Bellamy go and
fight me for real, Mingo!
I'll wipe that smile
off your face!
Armament Hardening!
[LAW]
What do make of Monkey D. Luffy?
I have to ask you!
Huh?
[LAW] You were once
a Celestial Dragon.
You must have something
interesting to say.
Shambles!
[LAW] What do make of
the "Will of D."?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Why should I indulge you?
That's none of your concern!
You think that this is his fate?
Huh? That Straw Hat
was lead here?
My divine blood enticed
him to come and kill me?
A bunch of nonsense!
[ROSINANTE]
One more thing.
Those who fear
the inheritors of D.
have given them another title.
"Sworn enemy of gods"!
I'm also a "D."!
Huh?
Can you update me on
the situation, Viola?
Sadly, things are not
going well at the palace.
Straw Hat has been
knocked below.
Law is struggling
against Doflamingo.
Still, that is not
the only battle.
There are two more.
In addition to the clashes on
the Plateau and at the palace,
there are also battles
near the statue of Pica,
and at the SMILE Factory.
[MARINE A]
The fire is spreading!
[TOWNSMAN A]
Don't do it!
Try to restrain them, hurry!
The victims keep piling up.
We must end this.
Viola.
We've defeated some of
the Executives, right?
So how many of them are left?
[VIOLET]
Quite a few, I'm afraid.
[VIOLET] As I mentioned,
the SMILE Factory
is one of the
major battlefields,
and it's still protected
by the Free-Swimming Man,
Señor Pink.
[VIOLET]
And there's a Top Executive
fighting on the giant statue.
[VIOLET] The Stone-
Assimilation Man, Pica.
And then, of course, there's
the center of our struggle.
On the top level of the plateau.
[VIOLET] There lies the despot
king and String Man, Doflamingo.
[chuckles]
[VIOLET] With him is his chief
of staff, the Mucus Man, Trebol.
[VIOLET] In the Sunflower Field,
directly below the palace,
there's the hero
of the coliseum,
known as the Flag Man, Diamante!
[VIOLET] Beneath them,
on the third level,
is the Rupture Man.
[VIOLET]
Gladius!
[VIOLET] There are four
Executives on the second level.
[VIOLET] The half fighting
fish Fishman, Dellinger.
[VIOLET]
The Geo-Fist master, Lao G.
The Super Weight Man.
[VIOLET]
Machvise!
[VIOLET] And the
Full-Body Weapon, Baby 5!
Altogether, that's ten
Executives to face.
[grunts]
Ha. Was that a breeze
that tickled me?
[CAT A meows]
[FRANKY]
Hm?
[CAT A meows]
Wait, did you...
[meows]
That breeze is hurting
my tear ducts man.
[WOMEN]
Wow! So hard-boiled!
[ZORO grunting]
[VIOLET] But these battles
are wearing on.
[VIOLET] And many of the
fighters are already injured.
[VIOLET] So the end of this
battle may be close at hand.
[LUFFY yelling]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles] You're not
going anywhere, Straw Hat.
You're mine now!
[LUFFY yells]
[chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Go on! Don't just stand there!
[BELLAMY gasps]
[KYROS yells]
[DIAMANTE chuckles]
Be careful!
[KYROS grunts]
[panting]
You're a real pain.
[BOTH gasp]
Army Bandera!
[KYROS gasps]
[REBECCA]
The ground! What's happening?
[REBECCA gasps]
[DIAMANTE cackles]
Like that?
I can even make
the ground ripple!
Seems hard to stand
with one leg!
[DIAMANTE cackles]
[chuckles]
And Clutch!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groan]
[ROBIN]
We let Rebecca go ahead,
but I hope she's
all right on her own.
The enemies above us are all
strong beyond imagination.
[BARTOLOMEO]
You should go up, Miss Robin!
I know you're worried
about your friends.
I can handle this
place on my own.
Are you sure?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Yeah! Go on!
Thanks. Now, Pierna Fleurs!
[BARTOLOMEO]
What an honor.
I get to protect Miss Robin
from her enemies!
It's like when the Straw Hats
rescued her from Enies Lobby!
Only this time, I'm here
as an honorary crewmate!
Okay, okay, sorry,
that's a bit much!
I got carried away!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groan]
Fools! Such feeble attacks!
Almost put me to sleep!
En garde, Gladius!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[DELLINGER laughs]
Destruction Cannon!
[DELLINGER]
You missed me!
[HAJRUDIN grunts]
[MACHVISE]
Ten-Ton... Vise!
[HAJRUDIN groans]
[chuckles]
[BABY 5 yells]
This next blow will strike
straight through your heart!
[BABY 5 gasps]
I see!
[BABY 5]
You do want me, don't you?
Huh?
[LAO G grunting]
[CHIN JAO groans]
Lao G!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groan]
We're on our way!
Stay strong, Princess!
[PICA yells]
[ZORO]
Three-Sword Style!
Hundred Eight Caliber Phoenix!
He ran away. Pissin' me off.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSMAN B] Run!
The building's gonna fall on us!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
Fire Fist!
You all right, ma'am?
Yes! You showed up just in time!
Thank you! You're awesome!
Better get someplace
safe. Hurry.
[TOWNSWOMAN A, TOWNSGIRL A]
Okay!
[SABO]
Though nowhere is safe, really.
I said the end was near.
And that's true.
But defeating the Executives
doesn't mean victory.
[VIOLET] If Luffy and Law
cannot stop Doflamingo,
the people in the Birdcage
will never be freed.
The fate of the kingdom
is in the hands of
two pirates and that's it?
You're a "D."?
You have a hidden name?
And you're destined to
come here and defeat me--
Is that what you're
trying to say?
I did it! Hm?
[DOFLAMINGO]
You think you can stop me
because of some
letter in your name?
That you're the sworn enemy
of the gods, driven by fate?
That's rubbish!
A legend!
Just a lie!
Whoa! Doffy!
Be careful!
You're in range of
his power right now!
[LAW]
Injection...
...Shot!
[LAW] Cora knew that
it would take more than
a measly "D." to defeat you.
And yet, when I
learned the truth,
my fate changed all the same.
My name was the catalyst.
You point that gun,
but I know you can't shoot me.
Because in the end,
you're just like your father.
Listen.
[ROSINANTE]
I love you, kid!
[ROSINANTE chuckles]
[LAW] I'm only here because
Cora was too kindhearted
to pull the trigger that day.
So now, I'm going
to do it for him!
[NARRATOR]
His emotions laid bare,
Law begins his final
assault on Doflamingo.
However, the wicked king
meets his fierce attacks
with a grin on his face,
and the determination
that Cora granted Law
threatens to
wither into despair.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"An Intense Battle!
Law vs. Doflamingo!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!